Feat: Add Missing Documentation for Mobile Destination Plugins [Netlify Build] (#5910)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/apple/destination-plugins/intercom-swift.md

## Getting Started

1.  From the Segment Destinations page click **Add Destination**.
2.  Search for "Intercom" and select it in the results that appear.
3.  Choose which Source to connect Intercom to.
4.  Authorize your Intercom account in Segment and select the Intercom Account to sync with Segment.
5. [Find your "App ID" in the Intercom UI](https://docs.intercom.com/faqs-and-troubleshooting/getting-set-up/where-can-i-find-my-app-id){:target="_blank"} or by navigating to the Gear Menu and clicking on "App Settings" followed by "API Keys". It should look something like `9iefb489`.

## Adding the dependency

***Note:** the Intercom library itself will be installed as an additional dependency.*

### via Xcode
In the Xcode `File` menu, click `Add Packages`.  You'll see a dialog where you can search for Swift packages.  In the search field, enter the URL to this repo.

> https://github.com/segment-integrations/analytics-swift-intercom

Author: yep totally agree

### Revenue and currency
If you send `properties.revenue` and `properties.currency`, Segment formats that according to [Intercom's Monetary Amount](https://developers.intercom.com/intercom-api-reference/reference/submit-a-data-event#metadata-object){:target="_blank"} and send it as:

```js
price: {
  amount: <properties.revenue> * 100, // since Intercom requires this in cents
  currency: <properties.currency> // defaults to 'usd'
}
```

The bundled mobile integrations also check `properties.total` if `properties.revenue` is not present, and assign the total value as the amount value.

### Limited Properties
Intercom can only store [five event properties](http://docs.intercom.io/Intercom-for-user-analysis/Tracking-User-Events-in-Intercom#metadata-support){:target="_blank"} per event. That means if you send an event to Segment with more than five properties, Intercom only shows the first five properties.

### Limited Events

Intercom only allows a total of 120 unique _active_ event names. If you're sending Segment more than 120 unique event names, Intercom only accepts the first 120 events that their servers see, and the rest throw an error.

> In Intercom, an "Active" event is an event that hasn't been archived. If you archive an event, it makes it inactive and removes it from your 120 active events. If you need to bring your account back under the 120 event limit, archive some events from in the Intercom UI by navigating to **Settings > (workspace name) data > Events**, then click on the event to archive.

Author: I don't off the top of my head. This is all copied from our existing Intercom doc

## Group

If you're not familiar with the Segment Specs, take a look to understand what the [Group method](/docs/connections/spec/group/) does. An example call would look like:

```swift
struct MyTraits: Codable {
        let username: String
        let email: String
        let plan: String
}

// ...

analytics.group(groupId: "group123", traits: MyTraits(
        username: "MisterWhiskers",
        email: "hello@test.com",
        plan: "premium"))
```

> Segment supports Intercom companies in all sources. Users can be put into multiple groups, which associate them to multiple companies in Intercom.

Author: it supports sending Intercom's concept of `Company` from all Segment source types.

In Intercom, an "Active" event is an event that hasn't been archived. Intercom only allows a total of 120 unique _active_ event names. If you're sending Segment more than 120 unique event names, Intercom only accepts the first 120 events that their servers encounter. Any additional unique event names will result in an error. 

If you need to bring your account back under the 120 event limit, archive some events from in the Intercom UI by navigating to **Settings > (workspace name) data > Events**, then click on the event to archive. 

## Group

If you're not familiar with the Segment Spec, take a look to understand what the [Group method](/docs/connections/spec/group/) does. An example call would look like:

```swift
struct MyTraits: Codable {
        let username: String
        let email: String
        let plan: String
}

// ...

analytics.group(groupId: "group123", traits: MyTraits(
        username: "MisterWhiskers",
        email: "hello@test.com",
        plan: "premium"))
```

> Segment supports Intercom companies in all sources. Users can be put into multiple groups, which associate them to multiple companies in Intercom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment supports Intercom `company` values sent from all source types. Users can be put into multiple groups, which associate them to multiple companies in Intercom.
```
